docs(guides/database): update guide for migrating between projects (#9375)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/database/migrating-between-projects.mdx

1. Enable [Database Webhooks](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/database/hooks) in your new project if you enabled them in your old project.
2. In your new project, enable all extensions that were enabled in your old project.
3. Run the following command from your terminal:

```sh
set -euo pipefail

pg_dump \
  --clean \
  --if-exists \
  --quote-all-identifiers \
  --exclude-table-data 'storage.objects' \
  --exclude-schema 'extensions|graphql|graphql_public|net|pgbouncer|pgsodium|pgsodium_masks|realtime|supabase_functions|pg_toast|pg_catalog|information_schema' \
  --schema '*' \
  --dbname "$OLD_DB_URL" \
| sed 's/^DROP SCHEMA IF EXISTS "auth";$/-- DROP SCHEMA IF EXISTS "auth";/' \
| sed 's/^DROP SCHEMA IF EXISTS "storage";$/-- DROP SCHEMA IF EXISTS "storage";/' \
| sed 's/^CREATE SCHEMA "auth";$/-- CREATE SCHEMA "auth";/' \
| sed 's/^CREATE SCHEMA "storage";$/-- CREATE SCHEMA "storage";/' \
| sed 's/^ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES FOR ROLE "supabase_admin"/-- ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES FOR ROLE "supabase_admin"/' \
> dump.sql

psql \
  --single-transaction \
  --variable ON_ERROR_STOP=1 \
  --file dump.sql \
  --dbname "$NEW_DB_URL"
```

## Enable publication on tables

> On your new project, the replication for Realtime is disabled for all tables. Open [this page](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/database/replication), select your new project, and enable replication for tables that were enabled in your old project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replication for Realtime is disabled for all tables in your new project. On the [Replication](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/database/replication) page in the Dashboard, select your new project and enable replication for tables that were enabled in your old project.
```
